homecontroller.index.title = Welcome student!
homecontroller.teacher.title = Welcome teacher!
homecontroller.admin.title = Welcome admin!
homecontroller.carddeck.title = Card decks
homecontroller.createnewgame.title = Create New Game
homecontroller.playgame.title = Play Game
homecontroller.placticeskill.title = Praktiz yo' skillz
homecontroller.practicesessionscore.title = Practice Session Score
homecontroller.practiceride.title = Pick yo' ride
homecontroller.joingame.title = Join a game
homecontroller.game.title = Game
homecontroller.help.title = Help


homecontroller.index.practice = Practice the flash card game
homecontroller.index.practiceMode = New game!
homecontroller.index.help = Help!
homecontroller.startpractice.select = Select your option to create a game
homecontroller.startpractice.difficulty = Difficulty
homecontroller.startpractice.operators = Choose operators
homecontroller.startpractice.tLimit = Time limit
homecontroller.startpractice.maxNumber = Maximum Number
homecontroller.startpractice.minNumber = Minimum Number
homecontroller.startpractice.back = Back
homecontroller.startpractice.sTemplates = Select from template
homecontroller.startpractice.sOptions = Select from option(s)
homecontroller.startpractice.add = Add
homecontroller.startpractice.substract = Substract
homecontroller.startpractice.multiply = Multiply
homecontroller.startpractice.startpractice = Start Practice !